Pawsup as a whole, wants to bridge the gap between pet owners and people who specialize in providing pet care and pet products. As an application that provides a base for customers and service providers to communicate and exchange monetary goods, there will naturally be many sources of competition and places to draw inspiration off of. Some of the most recognizable brands that provide such a niche are:

Kijiji: A general community board where Canadians can post advertisements for what they are selling, community events, job opportunities and even car rentals that other users can inquire about and pay for on their own terms.
https://www.kijiji.ca/ 


Airbnb: A service in which people can rent out their homes mainly for shorter stays, and where other users can apply to stay at those homes. It provides an easy and accessible way to find vacation rentals in your area.
https://www.airbnb.ca/ 

Amazon: A company that has such a dominant hold on the marketplace nowadays and that pioneered and brought forth the importance of online shopping. Amazon provides sellers all over the world access to markets they usually would not be able to reach with the vast amount of warehouses and workforce they own.
https://www.amazon.ca/ 

Rover: An app that focuses on connecting dog boarders, dog sitters, and dog walkers to those who want to use such services. Although it seems that they also cater some services to other pets like cats and guinea pigs, they have built their entire focus and brand on their love for dogs as can be seen by their logo and how much space is covered with dog information in their help centre and blogposts.
https://www.rover.com/ca/ 

Our product is very different from websites such as Amazon and Kijiji in the fact that they provide a much more general audience and selection of products. Kijiji’s plan towards earning a profit is mainly by advertisements, unlike Pawsup where payments are registered through the app and require a service fee for both the service provider and customer. Amazons product providers don’t come from a single contracted shop like Pawsup plans to do, instead, Amazon gives that ability to everyone who applies to be a seller. A smaller team such as ours would benefit much more from having only one contractor to easily resolve potential issues with the products. Airbnb may share the most similar backbone and function to our product in the fact that it also has a userbase split of customers that may become service providers after undergoing an application process and it also earns its profit by providing a service fee to both userbases. The differences come from the fact that Airbnb has focused on the niche for providing rental services only without a shop, and considers a completely different market. They do not provide pet services as that would be a completely different area of expertise and would not work on a website that purely hosts stay ins for people. For them to provide pet services would fracture their highly recognizable brand known for when you need a quick place to sleep and would muddy up their search functions and accessibility. Rovers functions and way of doing business may seem very similar to that of Pawsup, but as mentioned earlier, they have a primary focus on catering for dog owners, especially those who need dog walking. They seem to treat dog walkers like uber drivers in the way that, dog walkers are the ones that look for dogs nearby to walk that fit their schedule. This is different from how users on our product can advertise speciality services for many different pets that all have equal importance, where they can give their own various descriptions with customization features to such services. Also, Pawsup’s unique pet card feature makes it so that pet owners can easily filter and access the services they need by having a shortcut towards providing your pet information.
