Process

Overall, our team has been working together quite seamlessly. We are all here to learn and succeed in this course, and that common goal is clear. Organization of our team was also quite simple. We used the course Piazza page to find group members, and ended up finding a full team of seven people. Unfortunately, one of our members had to leave the course, but we are still confident in our abilities to complete this project with our six members. Moreover, we have been using Discord as our primary method of communication to do any additional organization within the group. Making decisions was not very complicated for our group. When decisions had to be made, we simply made sure to ask the entire group, and if needed, conduct a vote within the discord channel. Overall, this was an effective method to make decisions as a group, as there were not many conflicts, and majority decisions were made clear. To define priority to user stories, we simply went by which of the features would appear first when using the application. For example, for a user to really be able to use the application, they must sign up as a customer, thus, this  would be the ideal place to start when completing the user stories. The decision to use this process to determine the importance of user stories was not contested within our group, and it was an instant unanimous decision. So far, we have been meeting weekly, and have set times for each weekday in case we need an additional day to meet. Our current plan is to continue to meet weekly, which will ideally be enough time to work and keep the rest of the group updated on our progress for our sprints. Moving forward, I think we should continue to communicate important updates on the assignment with the rest of the group through discord. Moreover, I believe our method of conducting voted, and our plans to meet weekly regarding the project are perfect, and we should continue with these plans.
